Update column info for show databases to mention where composite databases return null (#2212)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/database-administration/standard-databases/listing-databases.adoc

| role
| The current role of the database (`primary`, `secondary`, `unknown`). label:default-output[]

> The value will be `NULL` for composite databases, as it is not applicable for them.

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
The value for composite databases is `NULL` because it does not apply to them.
```

| role
| The current role of the database (`primary`, `secondary`, `unknown`). label:default-output[]

> The value for composite databases is `NULL` because it does not apply to them.footnote:compositeDb[This change applies to versions 2025.04 and later and 5.25.5 and later.]

Author: still don't think 5.25 is correct, the 5.LTS is 5.26

and should we mention the 5.X version here anyway or only in the 5.x version of the docs? (and then not mention the 2025.04 in the 5.x docs)

> The value for composite databases is `NULL` because it does not apply to them.footnote:compositeDb[This change applies to versions 2025.04 and later and 5.25.5 and later.]

Author: also the role column have been null since before, we only updated 3 of the columns but I added the comments in docs on all the columns where it applied as the old ones didn't have docs comments either.
```suggestion
The value for composite databases is `NULL` because it does not apply to them.
```

Author: probably, or they were like that from the beginning without being documented

| `currentPrimariesCount`
| Number of primaries for this database reported as running currently.
It is the same as the number of rows where `role=primary` and `name=this database`.

The value for composite databases is `NULL` because it does not apply to them.footnote:compositeDb[]
| INTEGER

| `currentSecondariesCount`
| Number of secondaries for this database reported as running currently.
It is the same as the number of rows where `role=secondary` and `name=this database`.

The value for composite databases is `NULL` because it does not apply to them.footnote:compositeDb[]
| INTEGER

| `requestedPrimariesCount`
| The requested number of primaries for this database.
May be lower than current if the DBMS is currently reducing the number of copies of the database, or higher if it is currently increasing the number of copies.

The value for composite databases is `NULL` because it does not apply to them.footnote:compositeDb[]
| INTEGER

| `requestedSecondariesCount`
| The requested number of secondaries for this database.
May be lower than current if the DBMS is currently reducing the number of copies of the database, or higher if it is currently increasing the number of copies.

> The value for composite databases is `NULL` because it does not apply to them.footnote:compositeDb[]

Author: ```suggestion
The value for composite databases is `NULL` because it does not apply to them.
```

| Number of primaries for this database reported as running currently.
It is the same as the number of rows where `role=primary` and `name=this database`.

> The value for composite databases is `NULL` because it does not apply to them.footnote:compositeDb[]

Author: ```suggestion
The value for composite databases is `NULL` because it does not apply to them.footnote:compositeDb[This change applies to versions 2025.04 and later.]
```
or if you want to keep the 5.LTS version info as well
```suggestion
The value for composite databases is `NULL` because it does not apply to them.footnote:compositeDb[This change applies to versions 2025.04 and later and 5.26.5 and later.]
```

| INTEGER

| `currentSecondariesCount`
| Number of secondaries for this database reported as running currently.
It is the same as the number of rows where `role=secondary` and `name=this database`.

The value for composite databases is `NULL` because it does not apply to them.footnote:compositeDb[]
| INTEGER

| `requestedPrimariesCount`
| The requested number of primaries for this database.
May be lower than current if the DBMS is currently reducing the number of copies of the database, or higher if it is currently increasing the number of copies.

> The value for composite databases is `NULL` because it does not apply to them.footnote:compositeDb[]

Author: ```suggestion
The value for composite databases is `NULL` because it does not apply to them.
```

----
A database must be `online` or `deallocating` for this value to be available.
For other database states the value will be `NULL`.

> The value for composite databases is `NULL` because it does not apply to them.

Author: ```suggestion
The value for composite databases is `NULL` because it does not apply to them.footnote:compositeDb[]
```
so you added the footnote to some that wasn't updated and missed one of the ones that were updated

> The value will be `NULL` for composite databases, as it is not applicable for them.

Author: > Where is this updated store column (that doesn't say --0.0 in 2025.04)? We need to mark the change with a label that it's available from 2025.04, but I don't see the change.

This is the store column, it's really just a bug fix as `--0.0` isn't really a valid/useful storage engine/format. But we're not backporting it to the other calendar releases just the 5.LTS one 🤷

Author: both the `store`, `currentPrimariesCount` and `currentSecondariesCount` columns got updated to return `null` for composite (the current_Count ones are also columns that now have this sentence)

Reviewer: Maybe we should add a footnote to explain that this change is applicable to 2025.04 and 5.25.5 and later.

Author: 5.26.5 maybe? but sure could work (but I don't know how to do a footnote)

|options
|The map of options applied to the database.

> The value will be `NULL` for composite databases, as it is not applicable for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value for composite databases is `NULL` because it does not apply to them.
```
